We must break free from
the petty politics of the past.
America is a nation of believers
that is being led by a group
of censors, critics and cynics.
All of the people telling you, "You
can't have the country you want,"
are the same people
that wouldn't stand...
I mean, they said, "Trump doesn't
have a chance of being here tonight."
Oh, we love defeating
those people, don't we?
Don't we love defeating them?
To all Americans
tonight, I make this promise.
We will make America safe again.
We will make
America strong again.
And we will make
America great again!
God bless you and good night!
I love you.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
My name is Roger Stone,
and I'm an agent provocateur.
Stone's Rules are things
that I have learned in life
that I seek to pass on to others
who may want to be in the
same business that I'm in.
Or, actually, any business,
'cause they are fully applicable.
So, for example, a Stone's Rule:
"It is better to be infamous
than never be famous at all."
Stone's Rule.
One man's dirty trick is
another man's political, civic action.
Everything I do, everything
I've done, has been legal.
But politics ain't beanbag
and losers don't legislate.
The truth will be
suppressed no longer.
Lock her up!
Well, Roger has a
really rough reputation.
They talk about "dirty trickster"
and lots of other things,
but I've known him for a long
time, and he's actually a quality guy.
He's a nice guy.
Just a few
descriptions of you here:
"a state-of-the-art
sleazeball," "a little rat,"
"an actor who likes
to assume poses."
I believe in winning.
I believe in doing whatever is
necessary to win, short of breaking the law.
In the world of political consulting,
there are a number of rogues.
But there's...
There's really nobody
quite like Roger Stone.
Roger is the sinister Forrest
Gump of American politics.
He's not just this simpleminded guy,
but this Machiavellian, almost crazy guy
who shows up at every key
moment in recent American history.
Roger has a great
understanding of the media.
He understands politics and
he understands politicians.
And he always likes
to take on somebody
that at least has a
good chance of winning,
and sometimes it
doesn't work out.
He's had some people that I said,
"What are you doing with these people?"
But, you know... But he
loves it and he loves the game.
He has fun with it,
and he's very good at it.
Roger Stone created
Donald Trump as a political figure.
There is no doubt that in
tone, in affect, in profile,
the Trump candidacy was a
pure Roger Stone production.
When Mexico sends its people...
They're bringing drugs,
they're bringing crime,
they're rapists.
And some, I assume,
are good people.
Whereas the
rest of us looked at Trump
and saw someone who was
impossibly vulgar and impolite,
Roger looked at him and said, "You know,
this is someone who voters might like."
I mean, Roger actually
gets democracy in a way,
I think most people
who cover politics don't.
You know, democracy is the
process of appealing to the majority.
My name's Donald Trump,
and I'm the largest real
estate developer in New York.
I own buildings all over the place,
model agencies, the Miss Universe pageant.
But it wasn't always so easy.
About 13 years ago,
I was billions of dollars in debt.
But I fought back
and I won, big league.
Now my company is bigger than it ever
was and I'm having more fun than I ever had.
Hello, everybody.
Fifteen
seasons of The Apprentice
not only makes him a
smooth television performer,
but think of the way he looked.
High-backed chair, perfectly lit,
great makeup, great hair, decisive,
making decisions, running
the show. He looks presidential.
Do you think voters,
non-sophisticates,
make a difference between
entertainment and politics?
Politics is show business
for ugly people.
Roger always wanted me
to run for president.
And over the years, every time
a presidential race came up,
he always wanted me to run.
And I just didn't have
interest at that time.
And nor was the country in
trouble like it is today.
The American Dream is dead.
Bring it back!
But if I get elected president,
I will bring it back.
Bigger and better and
stronger than ever before.
# Cowardice
- Are you serious?
# Apologies for freedom
- I can't handle this!
# When freedom rings
-  Answer the call!
# On your feet
-  Stand up tall!
# Freedom's on our
shoulders - USA!
# Enemies of freedom
# Face the music
# Come on, boys Take 'em down!
# President Donald Trump
knows how To make America great
# Deal from strength Or
get crushed every time
It's really great to be
here in Cleveland, 2016.
A lot of beautiful people here.
1776!
# Over here
- USA!
# Over there
-USA!
# O, say, can you see
It's not so easy
# But we have to stand up tall
And answer freedom's call
I have never been more excited
about a presidential campaign.
I have never seen a
grassroots uprising.
This is not the Republicans
versus the Democrats.
That's right.
This is the elites of the
Republican and Democratic Party
who have driven this
country into the ditch
versus Donald J. Trump
and the rest of America.
I thank you for your support.
We are on the verge of making
America great again. Thank you.
How are you doing? Good.
Take a picture with my son?
- Yes. How are ya?
And if you decide to run for
president in, like, 2039, look me up.
I will.
I understand how fame works.
You know, the four stages of fame.
It's like, "Who is Roger Stone?"
"Get me Roger Stone."
"Get me a Roger Stone type."
"Who is Roger Stone?"
A mock election was planned
in my elementary school.
And I was for John F. Kennedy
because my parents were Catholic,
and I thought, although
they were Republicans,
they had a certain
sympathy for Kennedy.
But also because Kennedy's hair was
so much better than Nixon's hair.
And, therefore, I
went to the cafeteria
and as each kid would go
through the cafeteria line with their tray,
I would tell them, "You
know, Nixon has proposed
having school on Saturdays."
Well, then the mock
election was held,
and to the surprise of
the local newspaper,
Democrat John Kennedy
swept this mock election.
For the first time ever, I understood
the value of disinformation.
Of course, I've never
practiced it since then.
We Republicans seek
a government that attends to
its inherent responsibilities,
encouraging a free and
a competitive economy,
and enforcing law and order.
My first Republican
National Convention was 1964.
I was 12 years old.
The woman who lived next door to
me, she gave me a copy of a book,
The Conscience of a Conservative
by Barry Goldwater.
And I devoured this book
in, you know, a day.
It was at that moment that I
knew what I wanted to do.
I no longer wanted to be an actor.
I now wanted to be in politics.
Little did I know how
similar they are.
I became a zealot. I had a
Goldwater sticker on my bicycle.
I wore Goldwater buttons.
I wore a Goldwater button two
weeks after the election was over.
That's how defiant I was.
I met Roger in college.
He was really a total prodigy,
in terms of his political ability.
He was talking grown men back
home into running for office, electing them.
And then we would
sit in our dorm room
and they would call
Roger for political advice
as to how they should
vote on key issues.
His mother once said,
"You're not a Catholic.
Your religion is the Republican Party
and your god is Richard Nixon."
Bart Porter asked him,
you know, if he'd be interested
in coming to the Nixon campaign,
so Roger took time off of
school to go join the campaign.
This is central headquarters
for the Re-Elect Nixon Campaign.
The White House.
But for the sake of appearances,
the Re-Elect Nixon headquarters, in name,
is one block up Pennsylvania Avenue.
The Committee to
Re-Elect the President
was unlike any campaign
that I'd been in.
It didn't look like your typical
political headquarters.
It had a very hushed,
corporate quality to it.
Porter called me into
his office and said,
"We want you to go
to New Hampshire,
and we want you to give this
contribution to Pete McCloskey,
who's running for the
Republican nomination,
challenging Nixon from the left,
in the name of the Young
Socialist Alliance."
I got an enormous mason jar,
filled it with pennies and
nickels and dimes and quarters.
I brought it to the
McCloskey headquarters.
I said, "Hi, I'm from the
Young Socialist Alliance.
I wanna donate this,
and I need a receipt."
They were so dumb,
they gave me one.
The idea was to give the receipt
to the Manchester Union Leader,
the largest newspaper in New Hampshire,
as a way of discrediting McCloskey.
A perfect example of a dirty trick
that had no purpose and no effect,
but the Nixon people
thought it was great.
I never heard another
word about it...
until an investigator from the Senate
Watergate Committee knocked on my door.
We have a mystery
story out of Washington.
Five people have been
arrested and charged
with breaking into the headquarters
of the Democratic National Committee
in the middle of the night.
The Democratic
National Committee is located
in the Watergate
office building.
I welcome this kind
of examination,
because people have got to know whether
or not their president is a crook.
Well, I'm not a crook.
I've earned everything I've got.
I was the youngest person to go
to the Watergate grand jury.
During the Senate Watergate
Committee hearings,
this enormous chart was put up,
in which everyone who received money from
this secret fund was put on the wall.
And it said, "Gordon
Liddy, McCord, Segretti."
And then way down at the
bottom, it said "Stone."
I paid $100 to Mr. Roger
Stone on one occasion.
My parents called me on the phone.
They were mortified.
I thought it was pretty cool.
To leave office before
my term is completed
is abhorrent to every
instinct in my body.
But as president, I must put the
interests of America first.
Therefore, I shall resign the
presidency effective at noon tomorrow.
I was a Watergate
figure at 19 years old.
I mean, at the time, I
was scared shitless.
It was very hard to find work.
We used to have these buttons
that said "hire a Watergate vet."
So this is the Batcave. This is
"the Factory," as we call it.
This is where I tape my
Saturday radio shows.
It is also the repository
of probably the world's largest
collection of Nixon memorabilia.
The 1962 campaign for governor.
Uh, a rally that I
actually attended.
A head shot poster of the day.
This is protesting Nixon's
historic trip to China.
Here you have the first and
second generation Nixon bongs.
This is among my most
prized possessions.
Roger Stone does occasional
political chores for Nixon.
One such chore, to organize dinners of
journalists at Nixon's New Jersey home.
I was the assigned liaison
between the Reagan campaign
and former President Nixon,
transmitting memos back and forth.
It was not until his post-presidency
that we became close friends.
He had been through
a lot, obviously,
but I think he was just
as resilient as ever.
His greatest single
quality is resilience.
And that's the purpose
of my tattoo.
It's not an ideological
statement.
It's a reminder that in life,
when you get knocked down,
you have to get up off the canvas and
keep pushing, get back in the game.
That's the story of Nixon.
A man is not finished when he is defeated.
He's only finished when he quits.
The Nixon tattoo is really
all you need to know about Roger.
Because he thinks Nixon's
approach to politics,
the toughness, the
win-at-all-costs mentality,
that's what Roger reflects.
Delegates to the Young Republicans
Convention in Memphis
have chosen as their chairman a
conservative with a Watergate past.
Watergate
dominated this convention
because the Republican
Party's important youth arm
was about to be taken over by Roger
Stone, a 25-year-old political operative
who was deeply involved in the 1972
Nixon "dirty tricks" campaign.
They embellished what
was a 20-year-old kid's role
into being the
mastermind of Watergate.
Roger saw the opportunity
to build a reputation
off of being viewed as that
politically significant.
Opponents
of Stone contend
that his election is part of a
move by conservative activists
to take over the
Republican Party.
When
we elected Roger,
we moved the Republican Party in
a more ideological direction.
Up until that point, it was straddling
the old Republican establishment
and the new conservative movement that
was started in Barry Goldwater days.
We built on that,
and I think when Roger was elected
chairman of the Young Republicans,
you know, that was the piece
that finalized everything.
For many years, the
Republican Party
was associated with this sort of
good guy, Eisenhower earnestness.
What happened with the new right
was there was a new generation
of people who said,
"You know what? We're gonna fight
dirty and we're gonna win."
Among the revolutionary changes in
American politics the past few years
has been the rise of the
political action committees,
called PACs, fund-raising
groups for special interests.
NCPAC,
the National Conservative Political
Action Committee based in Virginia,
rich in money, and dedicated to
doing in the nation's liberals.
Even, its director Terry Dolan says, if
that means using the politics of fear.
I don't think there's
anything wrong with fear.
I met Terry Dolan
when we were teenage Republicans
together in Connecticut.
When we got married,
Terry was our best man.
But more than that, he actually
ended up moving in with us.
We used to refer to
him as "the child."
It was on our living room
floor that NCPAC was born.
NCPAC, the National Conservative
Political Action Committee,
is transformative in the sense
that we really pioneered
negative campaign advertising in
massive doses to win elections.
Up to that time, it
really hadn't been done.
I came to Washington for
the Wall Street Journal
in, um, the very end of 1983.
And Roger was already
kind of a legend by then,
kind of a dark
legend,
because of the negative ads
that he and NCPAC had run.
So people thought of him as kind
of a wizard behind the scenes.
I remember meeting him on
the street and thinking,
"Wow, that's Roger Stone."
Birch Bayh telling
us he's fighting inflation.
The price tag on that
baloney is $46 billion.
Because if Bayh wins, you lose.
The story of NCPAC is
that after Watergate,
there were campaign
finance reforms
to try to control the corruption
in spending on politics.
So what the Republicans did was,
they figured out a way
around the new rules.
The focus of NCPAC was
to use all the tools of a campaign,
but instead of
having a candidate,
to use it through a PAC.
We could only
give a Senate campaign,
in a direct financial
transfer of $5,000.
But the loophole was we could
advertise on behalf of a candidate,
without their cooperation or
coordination, an unlimited amount.
And that's why NCPAC
was successful.
It was a political
disaster for Senate Democrats.
They not only lost
control of the Senate,
they lost some of the biggest
names in the Democratic Party
and many of their most
prominent liberals.
Regrettably, NCPAC consistently plays
to the dark side of human nature.
Its stock-in-trade is the half-truth,
the innuendo, the distortion.
Power is
what PACs are about.
The power to raise and give
money to political candidates,
who, in turn, will at
least give them a hearing
and at best do their bidding.
Roger was one of the inventors
of the modern political system.
The PACs, the super PACs.
That is where Roger has
made his influence,
and it continues to be felt.
I'm convinced that at some point,
with these types of programs,
you could elect Mickey Mouse
to the House or the Senate.
Ronald
Reagan for president.
He'll make America great again.
The district we're
in is Congressman Gary Lee.
After this, we go to
the 32nd District,
where those guys just got
knocked off the ballot.
You're good at this.
You must have had
some experience.
1980, Ronald Reagan
defeats Jimmy Carter.
I was running three
northeastern states for Reagan,
as a regional
political director.
I think most observers
didn't recognize
Reagan's enormous appeal
to blue-collar Catholics
and working-class people.
And, of course, he carried all
three states and the presidency.
And I'm proud of the fact that I
played some tiny, infinitesimal role
in saving the United States
by electing Ronald Reagan.
The Reagan voter
is a blue-collar,
working-class, middle education,
middle-income-level voter.
Roger identified the
Reagan Democrat.
He actually wrote
up the strategy
for reaching out specifically to the
blue-collar and the Catholic vote.
He tends to be a second, third-generation
Catholic... Italian, Irish, Polish.
The Reagan Democrat
was a critical part
of bringing over states that
normally would not vote Republican.
Let us pledge to each other,
with this great lady looking on,
that we can, and so help us God,
we will, make America
great again.
Thank you very much.
Roger is unique, in my experience,
because he actually embraces infamy.
He doesn't worry that you
think he's a sleazeball.
He wants you to think
he's a sleazeball.
What a cheap, low-class
way to operate.
Why do you embrace the
role of dirty trickster?
Well, I'm stuck with it now.
It's gonna be in the first paragraph
of my New York Times obit,
so I might as well
go with the flow.
The only thing I can think of
worse than being talked about...
is not being talked about.
-# Used to be a fan of Bill
# Blue dresses And
spunk was spilled
# Cigars and the
broads they filled
# Should have seen a
pissed-off Hill
# Why she stayed? What's the deal?
I lost count of the ordeals
# Y'all don't understand
How criminals build
# And the products they move And
the people they've killed?
# Partners of the Bush Crime
Fam Arkansas, Contra-Iran
# Agency's drug plan expand
Now, Bill and Hillary Clinton
would steal a hot stove.
These people are
career criminals,
and thus far, the mainstream media
has helped conceal their crimes.
But the truth will be
suppressed no longer.
Lock her up!
Stone and
Lock her up! Lock her up!
# Clinton Crime Cartel
They got guns to sell
# If women getting raped
in the process Oh, well
The slash-and-burn
politics of today
are what's required
to get noticed.
God bless you. I'll be
happy to sign books
for those patriots who are
smart enough to buy them.
If you can't communicate
with people,
you can't get them to adhere to the idea
you are trying to educate them about.
You have to be
outrageous to get noticed.
"For Roger, with fond memories and
the highest regard and affection
for his good work in the 1980 campaign.
From a good friend, Roy Cohn."
This is a man that
everybody is going to enjoy meeting.
He's Roy M. Cohn,
who was confidential assistant to
the United States Attorney General.
In 1953, Roy Cohn became
chief counsel to Senator Joe McCarthy's
communist-hunting
investigations committee.
His reign of televised
intimidation in the 1950s
has become synonymous with demagoguery,
fearmongering and character assassination.
Cohn went on to private
practice and made millions.
He became one of the most politically
connected lawyers in the nation.
The last two decades
of his career were marred
by allegations of fraud,
blackmail and perjury.
When I was assigned New York
for Ronald Reagan in 1979,
for the 1980 election,
shortly thereafter I was
invited to a dinner party
being thrown by a
Washington socialite...
who, in all honesty, I
was trying to lay...
and Cohn was present.
So I made my way up to him.
I introduced myself. I said, "Mr.
Cohn, I'm... I'm Roger Stone."
He looked at me and said,
"Are you the son or the
grandson of the Roger Stone
who's running the Reagan
campaign here in New York?"
I said, "No, that's me."
He turns to his partner Tom Bolan.
He says, "Reagan's in trouble."
I wrote a lot about Roy Cohn.
I started hearing about Roger from
people who were close to Roy.
Roy Cohn is the single most evil
person I have ever covered.
If that's a magnet for you as a young man,
it says you're soulless before you start.
Well, my attitude regarding
those who criticize me
for being friends with Roy Cohn
or Richard Nixon is... fuck 'em.
Roger's relationship with
Cohn was, in part, mentor.
Cohn had a slice of history,
and a circle of friends that would not
have necessarily been part of our orbit.
It's how we met Trump.
Donald Trump is probably one of the
most important names in America today.
He is, as I say, the closest thing to
a genius I've ever met in my life.
On "Special Segment" tonight,
Mike Jensen profiles a man
who, at the age of 39,
is not content with being New York
City's latest real estate billionaire.
Donald Trump has also ventured into
gambling and professional football
and says he could negotiate a nuclear
disarmament treaty with the Soviet Union.
Donald Trump, a
tough man in a tough city.
Steve, you're gonna have to
start pushing these people now,
'cause it's getting a little
ridiculous, as far as I'm concerned.
At the age of 39,
Donald Trump has become
one of America's best known
and most successful builders.
And, not surprisingly, he has an
ego almost as big as his empire.
I had a lawyer, who was a very
good lawyer, tough lawyer,
named Roy Cohn.
He introduced me, at one
point, to Roger Stone.
Roy thought Roger was
a very tough guy.
Roy knew some very tough
guys, I will tell you that,
but Roy always felt that
Roger was not only tough,
but a smart guy and
very political.
Trump is an expert
at getting what he wants,
particularly from politicians.
He's gotten tax abatements
and other concessions.
Politicians have gotten
campaign contributions.
Big ones.
Roger's the first one
who introduced us to Donald,
and Donald was one of our clients
at Black, Manafort, Stone
in the early '80s and was a
client of ours for a long time.
In the early days of
the Reagan administration,
Roger was so prominent
and so successful,
he could have become a sort
of great man of the party.
He was a real insider.
He was a political
consultant, a lobbyist,
someone who was right
in the thick of things.
Paul Manafort, Roger Stone and I
had worked together through
the Reagan campaign.
When the Reagan campaign
got short of cash,
and decided to start a
political consulting firm.
Paul Manafort came
in one day and said,
"You know, we ought to
start a lobbying firm,
because I'm getting a lot of calls from
people who know we all work for Reagan
and know the people who are gonna
be in the Reagan administration,
and they want lobbying."
So we did.
Good to see you.
- This is Paul Manafort.
What
we were doing was
trying to use our relationships
that we had built up,
first through the Young Republicans
and then through NCPAC,
and to create a business that would
focus on political consulting.
Lobbying had been
considered kind of a sleazy business,
but Roger Stone unabashedly
came out and said,
"I'm gonna make a pile of money
off this and no apologies."
Black, Manafort &
Stone was the shit.
It was the biggest, most powerful
lobbying operation in Washington.
We did things that nobody
else had ever done.
# That's the way you do it
# Money for nothin' And
your chicks for free
# Money for nothin'
# And your chicks for free
# Look at that Look at that
# Money for nothin'
# And your chicks for free
There were a
lot of gray people
in gray suits and tan
raincoats in Washington.
They were all sort
of interchangeable.
And then you had Roger Stone.
And when he went to fancy parties, he
wore black patent leather slippers.
He was a whole new
level of, sort of,
splash and show business
and money and glitz.
# Money for nothin'
Joining us now, Roger Stone,
who belongs to one of Washington's
most successful consulting firms.
The argument, I gather, seems to
be that you helped elect 'em,
and now you're helping
to tell them what to do,
and this really isn't what the
Founding Fathers had in mind.
First of all, the term "influence
shops" is really not accurate at all.
I think that what we
provide for our clients,
be them foreign countries or
corporations or individuals,
is a superior understanding
of how Washington works.
Before Black,
Manafort & Stone,
it was considered somewhat
distasteful for campaign types
to immediately go into lobbying,
trying to influence the
people they just elected.
What Black, Manafort & Stone
said was, "We're unapologetic.
We got this guy elected, and
now we're going to make money
by charging for access
to his administration."
There's been a massive expansion of
the lobbying sector in Washington.
Some of them are so
powerful and successful
that we don't question it.
We just assume it's a fact
of American political life.
Black, Manafort &
Stone, in their brazenness,
really created the modern
sleazeball lobbyist.
They elected people.
As soon as those people were
in office, they lobbied them.
And so they crossed a line
that hadn't been crossed.
Washington's been worse
for it ever since.
Paul Manafort of
Black, Manafort, Stone & Kelly
stands with his partners
at the receiving end
of $31 million in subsidies.
I will stipulate for
the purpose of today
that you could characterize
this as influence peddling.
Thank you.
I will bring new
people to Washington.
People that come there to
serve and not to profit.
We will have the highest
possible ethical standards.
We're gonna bring in the best.
The best?
Charles Black is a
senior advisor to Bush.
So are Paul Manafort
and Roger Stone.
And Lee Atwater is George
Bush's campaign manager.
All these men are partners
in a firm that, in 1985,
received $3.4 million in
foreign lobbying fees.
Black, Manafort & Stone saw
a business opportunity
in being the torturers' lobby.
In representing the most
distasteful dictators,
Mobutu, Marcos, UNITA in Angola.
They did not care about being
acceptable in the salons of Georgetown.
They cared about making money.
You know, one man's freedom fighter
is another man's terrorist.
There are reports of gross
human rights abuses in rebel-held areas,
including the burning alive of
Savimbi's political opponents.
The Cold War was going on.
You know, I'll take criticism
if they give it to Reagan
and the majority of Congress
who put the funding in.
Tens of thousands of men have
been killed or wounded in the fighting.
The US missiles will escalate the
war even to a more deadly level.
When people think of
Washington corruption,
they think of organizations
like Black, Manafort & Stone,
that shook down dictators,
took all their money,
and then tried to take
America's government
and make them serve the
dictators' interest.
You know, it is the swamp.
I'm proud of the job I did
at Black, Manafort & Stone,
because I made a lot of money,
and I can't think of anything I did
that was either illegal or immoral.
You play by the rules
as they're written.
When they change the rules, you
change the way you play the game.
When you talk to Roger
about his business and morality,
he sees morality as a
synonym for weakness.
That's something that he's always
going to have contempt for.
Those who say I have no soul,
those who say I have no principles,
are losers. Those
are bitter losers.
Everything I have done,
everything I have worked for,
is to propel ideas and
a political philosophy
that I want to see
dominant in government.
Donald Trump has now elevated
the issues that I believe in.
Anti-elitism, that was first
identified by Richard Nixon...
To you, the great
silent majority...
...mined by
Ronald Reagan...
Government is not the
solution to our problem,
government is the problem.
...and now Donald Trump.
The silent majority is back, and
we're gonna take the country back.
The image they have of politics
is a dirty image of politics.
It's that, um,
everybody's for sale.
When Trump talks
about, you know,
"I gave my money 'cause I thought
I might need a favor later."
Everyone's for sale.
Nobody's there to serve
the public good.
It's an anti-government view and
an anti-political view and, um...
very lacking in
idealism, very cynical.
There's no nobility in it.
The money in politics?
Well, I think there should be,
frankly, more transparency.
Because I see a guy like Jeb
Bush with $114 million,
which is now higher,
and nobody even knows
who put the money in.
And they all control him
like a little puppet, okay?
I know half of the people.
I don't know who they are
because I can't find it out.
But as soon as I do, I
will know most of 'em.
They're friends of mine.
I used to be there.
I used to be the
king at that, okay?
In 1981, Roger runs Tom Kean's
campaign for governor in New Jersey.
Donald is just
really getting into
the throes of casino
life in Atlantic City,
so they came together
on a common agenda.
Trump gave him
a lot of casino business.
Roger and Trump, peas
in a pod, you know?
Trump is someone, through the '80s, who
took enormous risks and succeeded.
Roger represented Donald Trump
from Donald Trump's earliest days.
Then the Ethics Commission made a
finding against Donald Trump and him
for all of the illegal
things that they did.
When Roger wants something,
he pursues it with vigor.
Now politics, sort of.
New York developer Donald Trump
caused a stir this morning
when he took out an ad
in some major newspapers
charging American foreign
policy lacks backbone.
Immediately the question came up,
is he running for something?
In 1987, I suggested that Trump should
explore a bid for the presidency.
This sounds like political
presidential talk to me,
and I know that people have talked to you
about if you wanna run. Would you ever?
Probably not, but I do get tired of
seeing what's happening with this country.
And if it got so bad, I would
never wanna rule it out totally,
because I really am tired of seeing
what's happening with this country.
I was like a jockey
looking for a horse.
You can't win the race if
you don't have a horse,
and he is a prime piece of
political horseflesh in my view.
I interceded with the Portsmouth,
New Hampshire Chamber of Commerce
to arrange a lunch.
The helicopter landing was
as big a news as his speech.
This is kind of the first time
I saw the power of Trump.
The public interest in
Trump was palpable.
It was, like, electric.
And he lit the place on fire.
I'm not here today because I'm
running for the presidency.
I'm here because I'm
personally tired
of seeing this great country
of ours being ripped off.
Roger always wanted me
to run for president.
And in 1988, he wanted me to
run, but I had no interest.
I did a book called
The Art of the Deal,
which was the number one
best-seller of the year.
It was a tremendous book.
Roger wanted me to run so badly,
and I just didn't want to do it.
What I want is, I want
extreme competence.
I want strength and
In 1988, when I was
at the New Orleans convention,
Roger Stone had me setting up
chairs in a reception room
for an executive out of New York who
I didn't really know, Donald Trump.
Even though his candidate
for president, Jack Kemp,
had the possibility of being
selected as vice president,
he was squiring Donald Trump
around the convention.
You have said that if you ran
for president, you'd win.
I'd have a very good chance.
I like to win. When I do
something, I like to win.
I like to do well, and I think I probably
would have a pretty good chance.
Roger saw the value of
the outsider image.
He saw the value of somebody
who brought business experience
to the political process.
He saw something that nobody
else saw back in the early '80s.
Once he'd had conversations
with Trump about that,
Trump started to take seriously
that maybe he should run.
So long.
Thanks a lot, folks.
Florida is a great
place to live.
It's a sunny place
for shady people.
Welcome to Casa del Stone.
This is, uh, where I live with my
wife, three cats and three dogs.
And my 91-year-old mother.
Tough as nails.
If you ever saw The Sopranos and
you're familiar with Tony's mother,
that's my mother.
These guys are liberal filmmakers.
They cannot be trusted.
Hi.
Come here, Sambo.
Sammy is, uh... He's not well.
He's been losing weight.
And we've been taking him
back and forth to the vet.
Come here, baby. Give me a kiss.
Give me a kiss. No kiss?
No kiss?
Okay.
This is my wife.
We met working on the
Reagan campaign,
where she was employed as a
photographer for the campaign
and I was working for Reagan as
a regional political director.
This is the designated
smoking area.
Kind of a contemplative garden.
What do you
contemplate out here?
Political strategy and
destroying my enemies.
And now may I introduce Mr.
Roger Stone to all of you.
Bill Clinton is a Bill
Cosby-style sexual predator,
who has preyed on probably hundreds,
but at least 27, individual women.
If Bill Cosby is going to be held
responsible for his actions,
then Bill Clinton should be held
responsible for his actions.
Bill and Hillary Clinton are the
penicillin-resistant syphilis
of the American body politic.
...everything you're doing.
- Thank you very much. You, too.
Hey, sir.
- How ya doing?
Pleasure.
- Good to see you.
This is my daughter
and my granddaughter.
Hello. How are you?
I'm excellent.
Thanks for coming.
- Of course. Of course.
I was going to point out that...
There's a side of
him that they don't see.
The side we get to see. The
family side, the loving side.
That persona of the dirty trickster
is not what we see at home.
We do see the trickster.
Yeah.
Hold up your lens up
here just a little higher.
Little higher. Little higher.
Little higher.
Yeah, that's it. Okay!
I was actually terrified
of him the first time I met him.
I walked in his office,
and I told him later
that he looked like a
Nazi Hitler Youth.
Nydia taught me how to
smile and how to laugh.
Uh, and she's made me a better person.
And I'm not complete without her.
You're a Buddhist. Do you
think that you centered Roger?
Yes. - She
certainly has tried.
And I think, in some cases, she
has been effective in doing so.
Centered and censored.
And sometimes I need both.
And with Nydia, I
got instant family.
I got children. I
got grandchildren.
I got a mother-in-law.
All things that I didn't
have with my first wife.
So I became a family
man overnight.
He is a political strategist,
and he was just named the senior advisor
to the Dole presidential campaign.
That should be an interesting
job in the next few months.
Roger Stone!
Roger...
I think we've got this
figured out. We've got the slogan.
"Bob Dole and Jack Kemp.
Together they offer the people
133 years of experience."
We want Bob!
Thank you.
I can't imagine Roger being less excited
to work with a presidential candidate
than he was with Bob Dole.
There are endless reasons to end the
failed presidency of Bill Clinton.
But renewing the strength of America by
restoring our social and moral order
has got to be somewhere
near the top of that list.
The Dole-Kemp ticket was still
counting on the evangelical vote
to defeat the Clintons.
In fact, if you look at
the numbers back then,
there was no way they could win
unless they had that vote.
There's no doubt about it
that many American people have
lost their faith in government.
They see scandals almost
on a daily basis.
They see ethical problems
in the White House today.
Do you think that's
a legitimate issue?
I do. I think the character of the
president of the United States--
Do you think this
issue of marital fidelity,
which you keep blaming on the
media, is a legitimate issue?
This is something the voters are
gonna wanna know about, yeah.
Roger
could have become
much more successful in
conventional terms than he did.
And the reason he didn't is
because he self-sabotaged.
There was once a time
when political consultants
were unknown and unseen.
No more.
Some of the tabloids say a
Republican strategist, Roger Stone,
a partner in the prestigious
Washington lobbying firm
of Davis, Manafort & Stone,
has been advertising for
sex in swinger magazines
along with his wife, Nydia.
He joins us from Washington.
-Good to have you with us.
- Surely.
Do I quote
you correctly,
that these ads were planted by
someone else out to get you?
Yes, indeed, um...
An exhaustive investigation
now indicates
that a domestic employee who I
discharged for substance abuse...
on the second time that we learned
that he had a drug problem,
is the perpetrator.
I'm deeply troubled by this
notion of paid sources
who can say anything
anonymously about you.
Provide no photographs,
no proof, no documents.
You know, it's very hard.
My granddaughter, who's seven years
old, said to my wife on Sunday,
"Why are they doing
this to you, Grandma?"
It's a very hard
question to answer.
All right,
appreciate you joining us.
Thanks for being here.
- Glad to be here.
Roger Stone's first
impulse was to deny.
In fact, if you look
at Stone's Rules,
one of the rules is
"deny, deny, deny, deny."
And he began by following
his own rules.
'Cause it wasn't until much later that
he admitted that everything was true.
The National Enquirer scandal,
which I'm not interested in
rehashing at great length,
uh, probably required that I
be even more of an outlaw.
I never ran for public office.
So how I conduct myself in my
private life is nobody's business.
Did you hear about this?
This guy, Roger Stone,
top Republican advisor
for Bob Dole,
has now been accused of going
to sex clubs with his wife.
It's unbelievable, isn't it?
On the other hand, this gives you an idea
how conservative the Dole campaign is.
This guy is in trouble for
having sex with his wife!
That's how conservative
those people are. Having...
I think something snapped in
him when the swinger scandal happened,
and he got chased
out of Washington.
And he just said, "Eff this. What
do I need this for anymore?"
What the '96 scandal meant
is that Roger was never gonna be
the out-front political genius.
The Karl Rove, the
David Axelrod.
He was always gonna have
to operate in the shadows.
If it weren't for 1996 and
all the trouble he had,
maybe Roger wouldn't have
embraced the kind of, you know,
darker side of his
capacity, of his talents.
If there hadn't been a
sex scandal in 1996,
we might have had a
President Al Gore.
They always return to
the scene of the crime.
We want Bush!
We want Bush! We want Bush!
We want Gore! We want Gore!
This is where the recount of the 2000
presidential contest took place.
This is where the recount ended.
This is where George W. Bush became
president of the United States.
Good grief.
Look at that. Eleven.
Eleven. That
means automatic recount.
There is one state
left to be decided,
and we believe when
those votes are counted
and that process is
complete, totally complete,
Al Gore will have won the Electoral
College and the popular vote
and, therefore, is... will
be the next president.
The hand recount in Florida
will continue, and the votes will count.
That, according to a unanimous ruling
from Florida Supreme Court last night.
Vice President Al Gore praised
the decision, saying,
"It allows for a full and accurate
counting of the ballots."
This is a street fight for the
presidency of the United States.
I want our protestors down there in
Palm Beach, Tallahassee, and Miami.
Call Roger Stone.
In 2000, my old
friend Jim Baker called me
and asked me to go to Miami-Dade
to work on the recount.
I thought it was vitally important
that we matched the Democrats
in terms of protesters who wanted an
end to the 2000 presidential election.
This country was born
on civil disobedience
and the will of the people
standing up against the powerful!
There's nothing wrong with
Clinton getting his dick sucked
in the middle of the
Oval Office, is there?
This is where the
trailer was set up
to communicate with our
operatives inside the building.
He's got a ballot!
He stole a ballot!
When some of
my operatives reported
that two democratic
commissioners
were attempting to take
a sheaf of ballots,
remove them from
the counting room,
which was being viewed by reporters
and lawyers for both sides,
and take them to a small
anteroom without windows,
this is what sparked the
so-called Brooks Brothers Riot.
I said, "Flood the hall and
don't let them shut that door."
Let us in!
They started
banging on the doors
and were intimidating the people who
were counting the ballots to stop.
And they did stop.
So Al Gore could not
gain any votes.
That was critical in making sure
that the results in Florida,
certifying George Bush
as the winner, stood.
Let us in!
Most people, they want to underplay
anything they did wrong or improper.
And with Roger, what you
have to worry about
is that he's lying to make himself
worse than he actually was.
The history of the 2000 recount was
essentially written by Roger Stone,
and he wrote himself in,
in a pretty big role.
He was sitting next to Washington
as they crossed the Delaware.
He was with Eisenhower on D-Day.
He was cradling Bobby Kennedy in the
kitchen of the Ambassador Hotel.
I mean, he really
sort of put himself there.
I mean, Roger was there.
But let me ask you,
is it more brilliant and impressive
to influence world events
or to stand on the
periphery of world events
and yet get recorded as having
influenced world events?
Maybe the latter.
Yeah, I think he played a role
in the Brooks Brothers Riot.
I don't dispute that.
But I'm the only one to approach
what I think is the best story
I've ever done on Roger.
I don't believe George W. Bush would have
ever been president of the United States
if it wasn't for Roger Stone.
We're back now at
9:40 Eastern Time.
Ross Perot proves to be a
major factor here tonight.
The Bush campaign
headquarters in Houston,
they believe that Ross Perot may
have cost them the presidency.
Thank you.
When George H. W. Bush loses
in 1992, we all know the reason he lost.
It was the Reform
Party and Ross Perot.
The Reform Party was drawing
a disproportionate number of votes
from the Republicans.
Bill Clinton, the great politician,
he never got 50% in any election.
No Ross Perot, no Bill Clinton.
So when the
son is running in 2000,
and the Reform Party
is still on the ballot
in every state in
the United States,
then they're very concerned
about who is going to wind up the
Reform Party candidate for president.
Today, I am ending my lifelong
membership in the Republican Party
and I'm declaring my intention to seek
the nomination of the Reform Party
for the presidency of the
United States of America.
Roger Stone comes
up with the brilliant idea
of getting Pat Buchanan out
of the Republican line
and to get him to run
for the Reform Party.
Yes, I... I
encourage him to run,
but I also, yeah, I have an interest in
the Reform Party imploding at that point.
Just when Buchanan hoped to
have the political stage to himself,
he was trumped.
Businessman Donald Trump
announcing today,
he too will switch from the
GOP to the Reform Party
and may even seek its
presidential nomination.
And if he does, he says, it will
not be just a publicity stunt
for his empire of office
buildings, casinos and hotels.
He will run to win, he says,
despite his reputation.
When Donald Trump announces
that he's going to run,
it completely throws
everything into chaos.
George, should the American people
take the Reform Party seriously?
Well, not if Donald
Trump is their leader.
Donald Trump is being
supported by a fellow named Roger Stone,
who is a longtime
political activist
who had worked for Richard
Nixon and Ronald Reagan.
It looks to me like Pat Buchanan
is going to get in the water,
and a Trump-Buchanan race,
it'd be a great race.
It's unexpected. No
one sees it coming.
And to make matters worse,
Trump doesn't exactly
run for the nomination
so much as he runs
against Pat Buchanan.
He's a Hitler lover. I
guess he's an anti-Semite.
He doesn't like the blacks.
He doesn't like the gays.
What's wrong
with Pat Buchanan?
Well, it's pretty
obvious, isn't it?
He's obviously in love with
Adolf Hitler in some form,
and I don't think the Reform
Party should be taking losers.
Have a good time.
Bear in mind that the arch-strategist
of the Trump campaign is Roger Stone.
Do you think that Roger is up to something
here that deserves closer inspection?
Well, Roger's always
been a little arch.
Uh, I don't know that
he's the arch-strategist.
Do you think that Trump is just a
stalking horse for, say, George Bush?
Stone goes overnight
from backing Buchanan to backing Trump,
it's very hard not to conclude
that Stone had intended all along
to undermine
Buchanan's candidacy
in order to make the Reform
nomination completely untenable,
and thus give Bush a clearer
shot at the presidency.
Political observers this
morning are still wondering
what Donald Trump really wants.
Is he running for president,
or just getting his name
and face on television?
He was in the game enough to
get a tease to the national news media,
and then out of the game.
I'm ashamed of this party!
Political pros say
that to have any impact on the
race for the White House,
the Reform Party will have to
shed its image as a circus.
We will not have
mob rule in this party.
Now, what Roger
freely admitted to me,
is that he had known
since the Nixon days
that Pat Buchanan had
an illegitimate child.
Nominating somebody for the
president of the United States
whose name will appear on the
ballot in all 50 states,
who you are blackmailing at the same
time so that he won't really run.
That's not just a dirty trick.
That's a transformation
of democracy.
The allegation
that I spread the rumor
that Pat Buchanan had
an illegitimate child,
this all comes from
Wayne Barrett.
Wayne Barrett is full of shit.
It's false.
Pat Buchanan got less
than half a percent of the vote.
That was humiliating.
Humiliating for him,
for the Reform Party,
and arguably it put the entire third
party campaign effort back by decades.
After the Reform Party cost the
Republicans the White House in '92,
again in '96...
Yeah, I may have played some
role in derailing them as a party.
Roger Stone knows how
to do the triple bank shot.
The one that nobody else can do.
And it ends up changing
the face of a campaign.
Changing the whole
tenor of a debate.
Shifting the entire paradigm.
People today say that they
like doing dirty tricks.
They're pikers
compared to Roger.
Roger has raised it to
an absolute art form.
Sometimes you confuse me with
the Stephen Colbert character
that I sometimes play
called Roger Stone.
Don't... don't confuse him
with the real Roger Stone.
What's the difference?
- You'll have to sort that out.
Joining me now, Roger Stone,
political consultant and strategist.
And great to see you.
There is a Hillary-Nixon connection
that's very historic and important.
In 1964, Hillary Clinton was fired from
the House Nixon Impeachment Committee
for leaking and lying.
Now, she held this
grudge for 40 years.
Hillary repeatedly blocking Nixon
from meeting with Clinton.
Finally, Clinton overrules her.
Nixon and Clinton meet,
and they hit it off.
And Nixon met Hillary.
I said, "Mr. President,
what did you think?"
He said, "She's cold.
Cold as ice."
You're doing
a documentary?
Yes, this gentleman's
doing a documentary.
He's one of those dangerous
liberal, pinko, left-wing...
I hate people like you.
...homosexual, New York Times
commies, but he's not a bad guy.
I know who they are.
Part of the reason we've always
paid attention to Roger,
is he just looks different
from everyone else.
You know, here we have
a bodybuilding dandy.
A category, as far as
I'm concerned, of one.
Ladies and gentlemen, the
Prince of Darkness, Roger J. Stone.
I am no longer a Republican.
I joined the Libertarian Party.
I do think he is really alienated
from the contemporary Republican Party.
He is, I think, spiritually, and
now politically, a libertarian.
From the time that I was
a Young Republican,
I always had a
libertarian streak.
I have always been pro-choice,
pro-gay marriage, pro-marijuana.
As a Libertarian-Republican,
I've always believed in
gay marriage equality.
It's a civil right that equal access
is guaranteed by the Constitution.
So, uh, I'm going to the
Gay Pride parade today.
Let's welcome the
Log Cabin Republicans!
The Log Cabin Republicans is the nation's
only organization of Republicans
who support fairness, freedom and
equality for gay and lesbian Americans.
He may have, as a
result of his personal life,
some authentic beliefs
at the age of 60 or 61.
I think he's internalized some
of the gay rights agenda.
I think he's internalized
some of the pro-drug agenda.
After the scandal
devours him in 1996...
Since he's been rejected
and essentially thrown out of
mainstream Republican politics,
he doesn't really have any choice but
to figure out some third-party avenue.
And so he's looking for
a reprise of 2000.
He's looking to see if he can find
an angle where he can matter.
I've stayed away from Roger,
personally, because he's so charming,
and you can see the ways in
which he distorts the reporters
who are around that charm.
At the same time, there's no way
to avoid writing about him,
since he's been everywhere dark and ugly
in our politics for many, many years.
In 2004, he's blamed for
forging the documents
that destroyed Dan Rather's career and
also helped re-elect President Bush.
Roger Stone,
an old dirty trickster
from the Nixon days,
may have been involved in the
production of these documents.
Look, politics is a
rough-and-tumble business,
but this is just a cheap shot.
That same year, Stone consulted
for Al Sharpton's presidential run
that helped disrupt the
Democratic primary process.
What Stone is in this for, is to use
Sharpton as a disruptive force.
Some out there who follow
presidential politics
ascribe to you magical powers,
consider you the puppet master
of the Sharpton campaign.
Look, Roger's always
been an outlaw
and drawn to like-minded outlaws,
like Sharpton, like Trump.
I don't think that's changed at all.
What's changed is the country.
A few years later, he took
credit for bringing down his nemesis,
New York governor Eliot Spitzer.
I am deeply sorry that I did not
live up to what was expected of me.
I am resigning from the
office of governor.
He says he got a tip
from a hooker in a sex club.
You had heard that the governor
liked to wear his socks
when he engaged in
sexual activities?
I ask you, Dominic, what kind of
guy does it with his socks on?
Sounds like Eliot Spitzer to me.
Roger understands
the dark heart of the media
even better than we understand
ourselves sometimes.
Because if he tells us
that Eliot Spitzer was wearing
black socks when he had sex,
he knew that that would
be irresistible,
even if it had absolutely nothing
to do with the truth at all.
What do you say
to people who say,
"It's awfully convenient that you
happened to meet a prostitute
who was involved with Eliot Spitzer,
given your animus toward Eliot Spitzer"?
Uh, there are
skeptics everywhere.
Stone's so desperate to
stay in the public eye,
that he peddles garbage
conspiracy theories.
Like the supposed tape of
Michelle Obama saying "whitey."
Roger, you can't just say that
and say you have no proof for it
and make a comment like that.
No, no, no. Let me finish.
And worse, the now
infamous "birther" lie
that President Barack
Obama is a secret Muslim
and a Manchurian president who
wasn't really born in America.
Donald Trump's one of the
last people that was still touting that,
because Roger Stone and he
were conspiring one day
and Roger giggled and rubbed
his hands together and said,
"I can get the real birth
certificate from Kenya."
And Trump, you know,
went and believed it.
If he wasn't born
in this country,
it's one of the great
scams of all time. - Absolutely.
But I don't think that's the case.
- Well, you don't...
There's something on that birth
certificate that he doesn't like.
Oh, my God!
That's a terrible thing to say!
Have you ever heard of any white president
asked to be shown their birth certificate?
When you become a president of
the United States of America,
you know that he is American.
I'm sorry, that's BS.
Why is Donald Trump so happy to throw
himself into the "birther" pool?
Longtime Trump casino lobbyist and GOP
advisor Roger Stone told Politico
"Personally, I think it is brilliant.
It's base building.
It gives voice to a concern
shared by many on the right."
Is there such a thing as coded
appeals to racist sentiment?
There is such a thing.
- Of course, but I see none here.
Okay, as far as
you're concerned.
The whole "birther" movement,
which was so crazy and
so wrong and so racist,
that is the basis of
Trump's political appeal.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I am officially running...
...for president of
the United States,
and we are going to make
our country great again.
What's your precise
role with Donald Trump?
Are you a paid advisor?
- Uh... I am now.
I'm just helping as a general
communications strategist, I guess.
People get the impression that this
is performance art for Donald Trump.
Is he serious about being
president of the United States?
I will build a great, great
wall on our southern border,
and I will have Mexico
pay for that wall.
Yes!
- Mark my words.
Is this a president talking?
If there is one murder,
if there is one crime by someone who
is not supposed to be in the country,
that's one crime too many.
I think Trump has identified a
legitimate hot-button issue.
"Donald J. Trump is calling for
a total and complete shutdown
of Muslims entering
the United States
until our country's representatives can
figure out what the hell is going on."
Roger Stone came
to power with Nixon.
And Nixon, of course, had
the Southern strategy,
which was all about milking
people's racial resentments,
and in the case of Trump,
anti-immigrant resentments.
Working up hate that would turn
them against the government
and against the so-called
elites who were in government.
The political system
is a cesspool.
I've been a lobbyist.
I worked on the Senate side.
I worked on the House side.
I saw how the sausage are made.
The whole process
is deeply corrupt.
Trump is the only one
who can clean it up.
Trump!
Trump! Trump!
Trump! Trump! Trump!
We are going to Washington, DC,
and we are going to do what?
Drain the swamp.
It is so corrupt.
The best part is that he's just kicking
the political establishment in the balls.
They are shitting a brick, because
he's challenging the status quo.
All these other candidates are
really for the status quo.
Roger's the ultimate insider, which
makes him incredibly good at seeing
how to package someone he
could sell as an outsider.
We are going to stand up
for the American worker
like nobody has ever stood
up for that worker before.
There is real upset over
jobs, over globalization,
over people losing their sort
of status and their incomes.
You know, there are all kinds
of answers to these questions,
but the answers that he's
provided, for the most part,
are the answers that
billionaires are interested in.
We're also going to eliminate
job-killing regulations.
And lift the restrictions on the
production of American energy,
including shale, oil, natural
gas and beautiful, clean coal.
There's no grassroots movement
to gut the EPA and give people
dirty water and dirty air.
The only people who are really caring
about that are the polluting industries.
They say I have the most loyal people.
Did you ever see that?
Where I could stand in the
middle of Fifth Avenue
and shoot somebody, and I
wouldn't lose any voters, okay?
It's, like, incredible.
Roger understands that I've
always gotten great ratings,
whether it's on The Apprentice
or virtually any interview,
and that's why people
want to interview me.
And I think that's one of the things
that's always fascinated Roger,
because, ultimately, it
is all about the ratings
and it is all about people
watching and the eyeballs.
Mr. Trump, you've called women
you don't like "fat pigs,"
"dogs," "slobs," and
"disgusting animals."
Your Twitter account...
- Only Rosie O'Donnell.
Unlike every other candidate
I have ever worked with,
he is unscripted, he is
unrehearsed, he is unhandled.
Contrast that with Jeb Bush, who
looks both bored and annoyed,
like, "Just... This is mine. Just
anoint me and give it to me.
Father, Father, tell them
it's my turn to be king."
Roger,
before you go,
uh, will you remain with the Donald
now throughout the campaign?
I'll do whatever the
Donald asks me to do.
Good evening.
It's been 48 hours
since the first Republican
presidential debate,
and a testy exchange between Donald
Trump and moderator Megyn Kelly
has become a flash
point in the campaign.
You know, you could see there
was blood coming out of her eyes, uh,
blood coming out
of her wherever.
Now members of the Republican field
are lining up to criticize him.
And word this evening that an advisor
and a longtime friend of Trump's
has resigned from the campaign.
Trump says he fired him.
Roger
Stone's a nice guy,
but I let him go because I
really wasn't using him,
and he liked to get a lot of publicity
for himself, which I didn't want.
He's real, he's genuine,
and it's entertaining.
That's why he's doing so well.
So why'd he fire you?
- He didn't. I quit.
"Oh, you can't fire me.
I quit!"
Did he get fired or
did he quit? I don't know.
He still hasn't admitted
to me that he got fired,
and I've tried numerous times.
"Bullshit, you got fired.
Come on."
"No, no, no!"
Because Roger, you know, Roger the
feminist, was really offended
about what Trump said
about Megyn Kelly.
I don't need
the Trump campaign
to generate press
coverage for myself,
and I can get in the
tabloids any time I want.
But to say that you want me
to work on your campaign,
but you don't want me
to talk to reporters
would be like saying to me,
"I just don't want you to breathe
air between now and November.
If you could just agree
not to breathe any air
or eat any food,
everything will be fine."
Talking to reporters is what I do.
That's my value.
Roger Stone and I don't agree on anything.
I don't...
He does not represent the
Trump campaign. - Not what he says.
What Roger Stone says
and what the truth are
are two factually very
different things.
There's no question
Lewandowski worked behind the scenes
to get Roger thrown
out of the campaign.
He is an expert at stabbing
people in the back.
That guy's got an incredible
capacity for treachery.
By the way, I spoke to a Polish
language expert the other day.
I was unaware of the fact that
Lewandowski, loosely translated,
means "cocksucker."
Well, Roger is a tough guy, and
Roger will make enemies sometimes
that I always say, there's
no reason for it.
Roger is older now,
and I think he sees
the Trump campaign,
at once as his creation,
but also something that he's not
allowed to participate in day to day.
And that, understandably,
makes him sad.
I have no
interest in going back.
Although I strongly support Trump,
we have managerial differences.
And, meanwhile, I'm just making the very
best case for him in public that I can,
'cause I do think he
has what it takes.
There's always this tension between
the candidate and his consultant.
The candidate resents the credit
the consultant gets for his words.
The consultant resents, you know, the
fame and fortune the candidate gets
when he did all the work.
And Trump hated the fact that Stone
was showing up on cable news
and that people were, you know,
calling him Trump's brain.
So he fired him.
But it doesn't mean he
stopped relying on him.
It seems to me there is more
than meets the eye here
with Roger Stone parting company
from the Trump campaign,
coming on my program and others
and giving the big Trump pitch.
You media types
are so conspiratorial.
No. No, the Stone-Trump types, I
think, are the conspiratorial.
Unlike...
Only two campaigns have a
plausible path to the nomination.
Ours and Donald Trump's.
Nobody else has any mathematical
possibility, whatsoever.
L-Y-I-N-apostrophe, lyin' Ted!
The Bible held high, he puts
it down and then he lies.
Most of the time, I win
the evangelical vote.
The evangelicals, the
Christians, like Donald Trump.
I'm a straight shooter.
After a crushing
13-point defeat in Wisconsin,
Trump turned a page,
sidelining campaign manager
Corey Lewandowski.
He wasn't as effective
for the last couple of months.
News breaking that the
GOP front-runner, by the way,
has hired Paul Manafort to lead his
campaign's convention efforts.
Paul Manafort, former partner of
mine, the single best vote counter
and convention strategist
in the Republican Party.
When Paul Manafort got publicly
named, I got a phone call that day.
And it was Roger on the
other end of the line.
And you know what he sang?
"Back in the Saddle Again."
I mean, Roger knows
what Roger's doing.
Trump asked
me to get involved
because my reputation, among
other things in politics,
is understanding of the convention
process, the delegate process.
And most of the major
successful big conventions
over the last 30 years, I've
been intimately involved in.
Did Roger recommend
you for the job?
Roger was one of the two or three people
who strongly recommended me, yes.
Even after Roger stopped being the
principal political advisor to Trump,
he continued to be a
very important advisor,
and is to this day.
I want to start with Roger Stone,
because you just launched
a pro-Trump super PAC.
I thought, A, Donald Trump
didn't like super PACs,
B, I thought you quit
or he fired you.
I'm not still sure what happened there. So
what the heck is this all about, Roger?
Roger told me when I was
very young, "Caputo," he says,
"The media is two things.
They're either evil or
they're lazy, or they're both.
And if you understand that,
you can do whatever you want."
Yeah, I live a pretty
Machiavellian life, and I'm a skeptic.
I tend to believe the worst of people
because I understand human nature.
Human nature has never changed.
That's why one of Stone's
Rules is that hate
is a stronger
motivator than love.
That's because it is.
The National
Enquirer published a story.
It is a story that quoted one
source on the record, Roger Stone.
Let me be clear. This National
Enquirer story is garbage.
And it is a smear that has come
from Donald Trump and his henchmen.
One of the keys to defeating an
opponent is getting inside their head.
He incorrectly claims that I
am the source of this story
regarding allegations that
he has been adulterous.
And I would note that Mr.
Stone is a man
who has 50 years of dirty
tricks behind him.
He's a man for whom a
term was coined...
for copulating with a rodent.
I, of course, am quoted in
this story, on the record,
saying that it would hurt him badly
with his evangelical followers.
He has, as you know,
attacked me on CNN...
Roger Stone has been Donald
Trump's chief political advisor.
He planned and ran his
presidential campaign.
...attacked me on Megyn Kelly.
His entire business has been dirty tricks,
has been lies, has been personal smears.
These attacks on me by him
and by his surrogates,
I find this most satisfying.
I hope he's laying awake at night,
worrying about what I'm going to do next.
He's a little bit
like the Joker in Batman.
I mean, he gets a kick
out of doing this.
To some extent, his pleasure
at burning down the house
is infectious for people.
And as a reporter, you call him up
because you want the outrageous quote.
You want, you know... You want
to hear what he's gonna say.
He's also very plugged-in.
He's in the know.
He talks to a million people.
I just got a call from this
reporter who was calling to warn me
that Corey is now openly telling
people he's got the goods on Manafort.
He is telling reporters that
he has something on Manafort
that will blow him
out of the campaign.
Yeah, we gotta take
the little prick out.
I've been backgrounding reporters on
what a total fucking disaster he's been.
And there's a story that just
went up by Mike Isikoff at Yahoo
that dips into the whole
Pakistani blah, blah, blah.
If you look at Manafort's
long history of lobbying,
it is about as controversial
as you can get.
You are as connected
to the insider game
of, what you've even
said on record yourself,
"influence peddling,"
as anybody.
How can you be the antidote
or anything to help Trump
when you seem to go
against his main message?
It depends on who you talk to
if I'm part of the establishment
or part of the antiestablishment.
You better get rid
of the super PACs
because they're causing a big
problem with this country.
...and a lot of bad decisions
that are being made
for the benefit of lobbyists
and special interests.
Donald Trump tells America
the system is rigged
by the lobbyists and
the super PAC money,
and who does he turn
to as his top guys?
Roger Stone and Paul Manafort, who
literally put up that rigging.
It's a crooked system, it's
a system that's rigged,
and we're going to go back to the old way.
It's called "You Vote and You Win."
Thank you very much, everybody.
Thank you.
Donald Trump is riding
a crest of voter anger
over 30 years of
failed policies.
Voter anger explains the
entire rise of Trump.
I love the old days.
You know what they used to do to guys like
that when they were in a place like this?
They'd be carried out
on a stretcher, folks.
Go fucking make my tortilla, motherfucker,
and build that fucking wall for me!
Trump!
Trump! Trump!
Roger Stone, he's very
smart about anger.
It's one of the things
he understands best.
It's angry, white working-class voters
whose resentments are being milked
to push an agenda that's useful to some
of the richest people in the country.
These are hardly people who are in
tune with the little guy's interests.
Um, but they understand how to
manipulate the little guy's interests.
Can you hear me?
- Yes, I can.
- You're awesome.
Easy on the rape stuff.
Let's not...
I'll do the best I can, but...
I know, I know. Let's just, like...
- Facts are facts, you know?
Do you believe it's too early for
Trump to be bringing up Bill Clinton?
Should Trump save all of this
and wait until he's the nominee
and he's running against her in the general?
No, I don't agree.
I don't think he had any choice,
'cause he didn't bring this up.
Hillary Clinton brought it up when she
attempted to play the victim card.
Does he know everything
that's in your book?
Are you giving him
information at all?
Well, as you know, and
it's been well documented,
she went after the women very,
very strongly and very viciously,
according to the women and
according to other sources.
Uh, a major book's
been written about it.
And it's a book that's a
very well-respected book.
If you read Roger's blog, The
Stone Zone, or follow him on Twitter,
it's like coming attractions
for the attacks Donald Trump will
be launching two weeks later.
It is Hillary who hires the
heavy-handed private detectives
who break into these women's
homes and ransack them,
who threaten their children,
who kill their pets.
She's married to a man
who was the worst abuser of women
in the history of politics.
And Hillary was an enabler, and
she treated these women horribly.
Roger's, you know, relationship with
Trump has been so interconnected
that it's hard to define what's
Roger and what's Donald.
While it'll be clearly
a Trump presidency,
I think it's influenced
by a Stone philosophy.
Shake-up at the Trump campaign
as the campaign manager,
Corey Lewandowski,
has now parted ways
with the campaign.
Paul Manafort taking
the reins of the Trump campaign.
Well, let's see.
Is it a surprise
that Paul Manafort
wound up as the
campaign chairman for Trump?
No, of course not. That
was engineered by Roger
as a way to get Corey Lewandowski
bounced out of the campaign.
It took a couple months,
but they did it.
Roger has had a guiding
hand in all of this.
Now, Trump is hard to guide.
He spits the bit out.
You know, he doesn't want
to be driven at all.
But Roger's had as much influence
on the campaign as anyone.
I think the campaign's
being professionalized.
Manafort's doing a
phenomenal job.
I think he instills
confidence in the campaign
that they didn't have before.
Did you give any reporters
background on Lewandowski?
No.
Just stay silent!
How often
do you talk to him?
Uh, from time to time.
Are you an informal advisor?
Would you call yourself that?
I'm just an FOT,
Friend of Trump.
We need, in our
country, law and order.
And if I'm elected
president, that will happen.
How real is the Dump Trump
movement inside the Republican Party?
It's real because you've
got, now, an attitude
within the Republican Party,
at the highest levels,
that this would be
better for the party.
Discussions
about cutting Trump loose
are focused on the
Republican Convention.
Finding a way to free delegates for
Trump to vote for someone else.
I could see Donald Trump
going to the convention in Cleveland
and having the nomination
stolen from him.
So, I have set up a convention
operation to try to ensure
that the Republican nomination
is not stolen from Donald Trump.
I'm representing a tremendous
many, many millions of people.
I think you would have problems
like you've never seen before.
I think bad things would happen.
I think you'd have riots.
I have warned the public of what
I believe is "the big steal."
We're going to have protests.
We will disclose the hotels
and the room numbers
of those delegates who are
directly involved in the steal.
What about the issue of Donald
Trump's hit man, Roger Stone,
threatening violence
in Cleveland?
Appropriate rhetoric? - I'm
not giving him my hotel room.
Okay, so do you sort of...
Roger is not an official
part of the campaign.
Did he bring you in? Okay.
- No. In fact, not at all.
Roger Stone threatened yesterday that
he will send Donald Trump supporters
to the hotel rooms of
any Republican delegate
who tries stealing the nomination
from Trump this summer.
And those delegates will
probably answer the door, too,
because they're
expecting a prostitute.
"Hey!"
Caputo.
- How are you, man?
I'm good.
- What's going on?
Thank you. One more photo?
- All right. Give 'em hell.
Mr. Stone.
How are you? - Thank you
for your years of service.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate it. That's very kind.
Make America great again.
I'm very sorry, but I am
not gonna do this again.
Delegates were denied an
opportunity to vote on the rules.
Some saw it as their last chance
to take the nomination from Trump.
We want Trump!
Trump is able to take
over the Republican Party
because the Republican Party is a
bit like the Reform Party in 2000.
It's become a shell.
When it's something which is so
out of touch with its own voters,
someone who steps in and
communicates through social media
straight into television,
with tremendous charisma,
is able to steal the party.
One half of the Trump story
is the story about how one man's ego led
him to take over the Republican Party.
The other half of the story is how
the Republicans became so hollow
that someone could
do that to them.
The Trump campaign is the apotheosis
of Roger Stone's politics.
America!
It's the part of the
Republican Party that he represents:
toughness, anger, not being
politically correct.
If you look at the crime
rate in places like Chicago,
it's out of control, yes.
Trump is the law and order candidate.
He does speak to the silent majority.
I'm here with Roger
Stone, the one and only.
Kind of a legend in political
consulting, and, I think fair to say,
one of the, if not the, architect
of the Trump movement.
You've had an
interesting career,
because you were in the kind of
establishment political world
and you had a great
career there.
Then you kind of went off into
your Stone world for a while.
And now you're back.
Now you're a big deal.
We're now in the age of Stone.
I mean, I feel like it's
come all the way around,
back to the days when you
and I and Terry Dolan
were plotting a takedown
of the establishment.
Then we became the establishment.
Then we became antiestablishment.
Roger is a lot more than
a dirty tricks artist.
He kind of grabs that persona.
It's like his pro wrestling name.
But in the real world of politics,
he's a real strategist.
And I think whenever he kind of creates
the dirty trickster thing for the media,
he's having fun, but he's
slumming a little bit.
You're a rape denier!
America may be collapsing
and breaking apart,
but Roger Stone is
determined to enjoy it.
This for you, right here. It's "rape."
It's Bill Clinton. It says "rape."
Okay, you know who does
this kind of shirt?
First of all, a sick guy.
Get him, Stone! Come on!
You know who's accused in court
papers of being a rapist?
Donald J. Trump!
- By Jane Doe.
By Jane and Tiffany Doe.
Jane Doe. Who's Jane Doe?
- It's in court papers.
You're a sick man, Roger Stone.
- No. You're a liar. Stone-cold liar.
You're the biggest liar.
- No.
You're a piece of...
- Spitzer, he's a great guy?
First of all, Alex, this
ain't your fucking show.
And, Roger, it surely
ain't your fucking show!
Blowjob! Blowjob! Blowjob! Bullshit!
Bullshit! Bullshit!
You're a hatchet man. I don't know why
anyone in the media takes you seriously.
You're a lightweight.
You don't know anything.
All you do is lie. You're known
as the biggest liar in media.
Name the lie. - The
biggest liar in media.
Name a lie, loser. There's
nobody watching your show, dude.
The guy starts pointing at me
and yelling like a maniac.
"You're a liar! A proven liar!"
I say, "What have I lied about?"
He says, "Eliot Spitzer."
I said, "He didn't like hookers?
He doesn't like to choke women?
Don't you read the
newspapers, dude?"
He's gonna be considered
the Prince of Darkness.
And if he dies with that on his tombstone,
I think he'll consider himself a success.
I wanted to say hello.
- Hey. How are you?
You remember...
Roger's relationship with Trump,
they both see the world
in a very similar way.
If Trump is elected president,
I think Roger will see
one more very significant impact
he's had on world history.
I could not
be more proud tonight
to present to you and
to all of America,
my father and our next
president, Donald J. Trump.
Friends, delegates and
fellow Americans,
I humbly and gratefully
accept your nomination
for the presidency of
the United States.
USA! USA! USA!
I would argue that Roger Stone, after
30 years working for Donald Trump,
is one of his primary influences,
perhaps the primary influence.
And to think that the guy who calls out
people on Twitter like Roger does,
who's done the things
and told the stories,
is actually in the catbird
seat with a Republican nominee
is something for
the record books.
CNN has banned Roger Stone,
the Republican strategist
and former Trump advisor,
from appearing as a guest.
This after the discovery of his offensive
tweets against CNN contributors.
Stone once called Ana Navarro
an "abusive diva" and
"borderline retarded."
Stone also called
then-contributor Roland Martin
a "stupid negro," a
"moron" and a "token,"
and suggested he eat
more fried chicken.
To ban someone because you
disagree with their views
demonstrates you're not
really a news organization,
but you're an opinion
organization.
CNN means Clinton News Network.
There are more people
watching Infowars.com
than watching MSNBC and, at
some hours, CNN combined.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we are broadcasting worldwide.
Roger Stone, the consummate Trump
insider, the vice-Trumpian joins us.
You've got Alex Jones, he's like the
sort of main conspiracy theorist,
probably the most popular
in American life now.
You know, Roger Stone goes
on that show every day.
There's this crazy vortex of all
that stuff back from the '90s
just now sort of exploding
through the channel of Trump.
I'm never a
lesser-of-two-evils person,
but with Hillary, there's
not even the same universe.
I mean, she is an abject,
psychopathic demon from hell.
Alex Jones
is very important.
I realize the elite media likes to
call him a conspiracy theorist.
I don't like 'em putting
chemicals in the water
that turns the
frickin' frogs gay!
Do you understand that?
I'm
sick of this crap!
He has a bully pulpit that
allows him to reach millions of people,
and they are Trump's people.
They are outsiders,
skeptical about government,
skeptical about the bullshit government
is always trying to peddle you.
Mexico is a globalist
client state.
And they teach 'em,
"America belongs to you.
You're gonna get the gringo.
Plan of San Diego."
Don't know what that is?
It's a plan to take over in a race war
and kill all whites below the age of 16.
Sure it's a non-elitist , but
they're Americans and they vote.
Tell us, Mr. Trump, about Mr. Stone,
who helped get this interview set up.
Well, Roger's a good guy,
and he is a patriot.
He's a tough cookie,
but people like him.
But he's been so loyal
and so wonderful.
And thank God for the Breitbarts
and the Daily Callers
and the Townhalls and
the Infowars.com
and the so many alternative media
sites where we can learn the truth
and we can tell the truth and
we can spread the truth.
This is not conservatism
as we have known it.
This is not Republicanism
These are racist ideas,
race-baiting ideas,
anti-Muslim, anti-immigrant,
anti-women.
All key tenets making up the emerging
racist ideology known as the alt-right.
I think Trump should get more, you
know, more, quote, "conspiratorial."
We created ISIS.
The vacuum created by George W. Bush
and then Hillary Clinton armed ISIS.
ISIS is honoring
President Obama.
He is the founder of ISIS.
He's the founder of ISIS.
I would say the cofounder
would be Crooked Hillary
Clinton, cofounder.
I think it's whatever Roger Stone e-mails
Donald Trump in the middle of the night.
He wakes up, and that's
their strategy. - That's right.
Excuse me.
So go online and put
down "Hillary Clinton illness."
Take a look at the
videos for yourself.
This fringe allegation that
Hillary Clinton is not well,
her health isn't good, is
something that we're seeing
more and more with
Donald Trump supporters.
Some of the Breitbart
readers have brought it up.
Also, Roger Stone has
been talking about it.
She's got no stamina. I think
it's abundantly clear.
She doesn't have the
strength or the stamina
to make America great again.
Believe me.
The people behind
Trump's candidacy,
including Giuliani, including Roger
Ailes, including Roger Stone,
including his so-called brain
trust, believe this stuff works.
Now the children's
table is the adult table.
And Alex Jones is, you know,
passing the dinner rolls.
And we're all
conspiracy America now.
Thank you.
Even if Donald Trump
loses, I still win,
because the Stone brand has
been front and center,
and my brand of politics have
finally come into their own.
CNN, MSNBC, they're
now the fringe.
Alt-right communications,
we are the mainstream.
Did Trump really believe that Obama
was not born in the United States?
Does Roger Stone really believe that
Bill Clinton raped all these women?
You know, it doesn't matter
to them is more the point.
It's their tactic in
the political wars.
And for them, there are no boundaries.
Anything goes. Anything that wins, fine.
Today, WikiLeaks
releasing 1,700 new stolen e-mails.
The Clinton campaign
is accusing a top Trump advisor
of scheming with WikiLeaks
and Russian intelligence
against Hillary Clinton.
I, actually, have
communicated with Assange.
I believe the next
tranche of his documents
pertain to the
Clinton Foundation.
Have you spoken with
the WikiLeaks founder?
No, I have not spoken to Mr.
Assange,
I have not met with Mr. Assange,
and I never said I had.
House Democrats
now saying in Washington,
"Let's investigate Roger
Stone's ties to the Russians."
Has the FBI interviewed Roger Stone about
his communications with Julian Assange,
or his knowledge of how WikiLeaks got
these illegally obtained documents?
I can't comment on that.
Only Mr. Assange
knows what he's going to do.
Now, I think he's a hero,
fighting the deep state,
taking on both the Republicans
and the Democrats.
Taking on the
establishment, really.
Law enforcement
sources tell CNN
that the FBI has been conducting
multiple investigations
and it continues to examine allegations
against Roger Stone, a Trump supporter,
about possible connections
to WikiLeaks.
Those probes include a
year-long investigation
of Trump campaign
manager Paul Manafort
and his firm and their alleged ties
to pro-Putin figures in Ukraine.
These cyberattacks come from the
highest levels of the Kremlin,
and they are designed to
influence our election.
I find that deeply disturbing,
and I think it's time...
She has no idea whether it's Russia...
- ...you take a stand...
...China, or anybody else.
I'm not quoting myself. I'm quoting 17...
- Hillary, you have no idea.
The Clinton thugs,
they're the ones saying,
"Donald Trump is a traitor to his
country, in bed with Vladimir Putin,"
a man he's never even met.
Russia, if you're listening,
I hope you're able to find the
30,000 e-mails that are missing.
It's the low road in
American politics.
They have unabashedly embraced the
toughest tactics you can take.
And you can see it in Roger Stone,
and you can see it in Trump.
I mean, no boundaries
to what they would do.
They'll twist the truth
if they need to.
They're cynical about politics.
They think people who
take the high road
or who try to act
virtuously are chumps.
The Trump campaign's latest
reboot now underway.
Two new top officials who
Trump is bringing in.
Pollster Kellyanne Conway
as campaign manager,
and Breitbart News honcho Steve Bannon
to be Trump's new campaign CEO.
Sources say Manafort is
being, quote, "sidelined."
Another bombshell from the
Trump campaign today.
The resignation of the embattled
campaign chairman Paul Manafort,
amid a wave of bad headlines
and growing questions about
Manafort's connections to Russia.
Also added to the team is the
disgraced Fox News chief Roger Ailes,
and also Roger Stone, who
is a political operative.
Roger Ailes, Roger Stone, Steve
Bannon, they play rough.
Bannon is a bomb thrower
in the Stone mold.
Somebody I like enormously.
He's got guts.
He understands new
media in a way that
I think no one else in
the Trump campaign did.
He understands the fine points of
the Clinton oeuvre, if you will.
Uh, he has republished all
of my toughest material
from The Clintons' War on
Women at Breitbart News.
So he understands the enemy
better than, perhaps, anybody
else in the Trump campaign.
And like Donald
Trump, he's fearless.
He's tough as nails.
He's driven.
Uh, I think he's the campaign's
secret weapon at this point.
Good evening, everybody.
It is now established,
this is indeed the dirtiest presidential
campaign in modern history.
The last four
weeks of the campaign,
Roger Stone said it's
going to be brutal.
Earlier today, the Washington Post
released audio of Donald Trump from 2005.
Kind of
relevant to people
whether their future president
happens to also be a sexist pig.
A new poll reveals how
much that tape of Donald Trump
is hurting his poll numbers.
Breitbart and Roger Stone
are in Donald Trump's head
telling him, "You need to
go all-out scorched-earth."
Bill Clinton sexually
assaulted innocent women,
and Hillary Clinton attacked
those women viciously.
I expect in the fall that many of
these women will be speaking out.
Bill Clinton raped me, and
Hillary Clinton threatened me.
Kathy Shelton
was paid $2,500 in May
by a pro-Trump super PAC
run by Roger Stone.
If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse.
Mine are words and his was action.
After the most recent debate,
Clinton leads 49 to 41.
You've got Roger Stone running out
there saying that the system is rigged
and that there'll be revolution
and blood in the streets.
It's just awfully good that someone
with the temperament of Donald Trump
is not in charge of the
law in our country.
Because you'd be in jail.
FBI director
James Comey announced
the bureau is renewing its investigation
into her personal e-mail server.
Crooked Hillary Clinton.
It's not clear if the
tightening in the polls stems
from FBI director James Comey's
widely condemned disclosure.
Donald Trump has taken
this country to the brink.
And tomorrow, voters are
likely to take it back.
Good morning to you.
576 days campaigning,
more than 280 campaign events
and now this historic
day is finally here.
Hillary Clinton calls this
election the test of our time.
In Rochester, New York,
dozens put "I voted" stickers
on the grave of suffragist Susan B.
Anthony
on the day the first woman
nominee for president
with a major party
was on the ballot.
We're looking at the first woman
president of the United States.
Aren't you excited for the
first female president?
No!
- I am.
We can't go for Crooked Clinton.
We can't go for her.
If Hillary Clinton can run for
president, can you do anything?
Yeah.
Hillary Clinton
is favored to win today.
The polls have all shown her
ahead by four points or so.
I'm not fatalist. I just
see them with CNN, ABC,
all about how Hillary's
gonna win all day.
And I see they're pre-scripting
she's gonna win.
They're very hopeful.
They're optimistic.
A glass ceiling they're hoping to,
symbolically, burst through tonight.
Super excited. I wanna make sure
that I'm here to experience history.
What we see from the early returns is that
her ground game has really delivered.
Let me tell you this, it is
Florida, Florida, Florida.
Donald Trump has
taken the lead in Florida.
I talked to some of my colleagues
in Trump Tower just a few minutes ago.
There's a little optimism here.
No one thought it was gonna
be this close at this point.
Trump can still win this.
We have another
state to project.
It is North Carolina.
Battleground state. It's
going to Donald Trump.
I was actually ready
to go to bed,
uh, then I started seeing the
Electoral College come in,
and I'm, like, super psyched.
This is going to be a
very close election.
I'm seeing these
late-breaking trends.
This could hand Trump the presidency.
Folks, this is not, by any means, over.
I think there's some real jitters setting
in at Clinton headquarters right now.
Wolf, the scene here is so different
than it was a few hours ago
when people were
happy and relaxed.
This is most unexpected.
It certainly is a huge, huge surprise
to so many people out there...
I think we all
thought it couldn't happen,
that he couldn't do what he did.
And guess what?
He may just do it.
Donald Trump has taken the lead.
He has 216 electoral votes.
The beginning of the end for
Hillary Clinton's campaign.
He's pulling ahead
of Hillary Clinton.
You see it there, 222...
...a number of groups who are
likely feeling real fear right now.
You've got women, immigrants,
who have been threatened by
Donald Trump with deportation.
How do I explain
this to my children?
I have Muslim friends who
are texting me tonight,
saying, "Should I
leave the country?"
America is crying tonight.
I'm not sure how much of America, but
a very, very significant portion.
And I mean literally crying.
Trump!
Trump! Trump!
This is a
very unexpected turn,
and now, his  here is saying,
"President Trump, President Trump,"
and there is vast
celebration going on here.
Donald Trump will be the
45th president of the United States.
Ah, yeah.
The basket of
deplorables has arrived.
People have
talked about a miracle.
I'm hearing about a nightmare.
USA! USA!
This is your life now. This is us.
This is our country.
Stone's Rule.
"Past is fucking prologue."
"Silent majority," "the
forgotten Americans."
"I am the candidate
of law and order."
It's not me who found this trend.
It's those who went before me.
I just saw Trump's ability to
utilize it to become president.
This is the manifestation of
a dream I've had since 1988.
And I've always thought Donald Trump had
the size and the courage and the balls
to become president
of the United States.
We're in the age of Stone because
the change in our politics,
the rough-and-tumble cutthroat politics,
the slash-and-burn of what was just
probably the dirtiest, nastiest
campaign in American political history,
are now in vogue.
What message would you have
for the viewers of this film
who will loathe you
when the credits roll?
I revel in your hatred,
because if I weren't effective,
you wouldn't hate me.
Corrected by suadnovic
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org